Address Warnings from use of dependent packages (#555)
pysat/pysat: CHANGELOG.md

  - import DataFrame and Series directly from pandas, not pysat
  - Removed coords.scale_units
  - Removed time.season_date_range
  - DeprecationWarning for strict_time_flag only triggered if sloppy data is
    found
  - Remove convenience methods imported from pandas

>   - Changed the default `custom.attatch` input to allow keyword arguement use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Changed the default `custom.attach` input to allow keyword argument use
```
